To provide reasonable assurance of
compliance with independence requirements, the firm’s System
of Quality Control around independence works to prevent and
detect independence violations.
The effectiveness of our systems relies in large part on
receiving quality data from the audit client. Client
management may inform tax and advisory engagement teams who
are performing services for audit clients and their
affiliates of planned activities or transactions that may
result in new affiliates or affiliated persons, such as
persons in financial reporting oversight roles, being
identified. It’s important that tax and advisory
professionals are aware of their shared responsibility to
also notify the audit team, so that the Sentinel family tree
can remain up to date, and any services provided to, or
relationships with, the new affiliates or affiliated persons
can be evaluated for permissibility.
We also share in the responsibility to think about
Independence as soon as we’re made aware of opportunities.
When potential opportunities arise, enter them into KPMG
Engage to start the appropriate engagement evaluation
processes as soon as possible.